the carnival of joaçaba begins and the
league president sérgio com
Expectation and this big party.
the so-called carnival now the expectation
Ours is very large mainly with
back to those long ones that is around
5 but two of the schools are right and they
surprised expectation
roughly in 3,000 rock sound
people and now the great expectation
wow is waiting for this wonderful audience
and should reach 6,000 people in the
first night
I have
still this year the queen of carnival 2015
already know what the queen's expectation is
is a great piece that starts today the
my expectations are the best
I'm very proud and queen of
carnival this year and I know that our
party will be better than all
other years because it was prepared with
much affection
already the invitation for the people who come
for this big party we sure
I want to invite all of you
we attend a certain time with the
the five of us said a lot of grief but
Joy who will not leave the law will
have good memories to take our
carnival and
carnival that said in his vision the
What is this joacabana party ?
This joaçaba party is the party of
joy our city ​​of our size
we have a carnival in big city is
the biggest event in our entire region and
one of the largest events in the state of
santa catarina
everyone is invited is the square of
joy and animation
There is a big carnival party 2015
joacaba
I'm certainly very happy that okay
deserving of our prestige our support
ours has been very well organized
and I'm very happy because on stage
goals and when the river has a
of the paraná of ​​são paulo state of
santa catarina of return of place
it is credible is that
people are having tonight too
is the invitation to people coming to
joaçaba easy to talk about carnival 2015
We are certainly proud to receive
well the new they receive is why the
People also have more back or dry
get worse
I have
suddenly
I wanted
the money